this is such a rare treat what you know
just kidding it's great to have lunch
with my wife we should do this more
often
perhaps I could take early retirement
hordes brought this on
I don't know just being here with you
and then
as well AJ keep your options open with
flexible pensions and investments from
clerical medical get the shape of your
life Mac 3 it's so effortless
you take one stroke it takes 3 the
closest shave in fewer strokes with less
irritation Mac 3 from Gillette and now
try new Gillette Series Arctic ice shave
gel
the midsummer madness continues loads of
savings including a third of thousands
of bikes and 20% of Halfords tools and
metal storage Homebase are hammering
half price off this laminate flooring
there are enough surprises in life
already so it's Specsavers opticians we
make everything clear all our spectacles
are displayed at prices which include
our frames and our single vision lenses
so the price you see is the price you'll
pay complete price from Specsavers we
make sure there are no surprises there's
a plethora giardiniera smashing great
well serviced the gas appliance and
repaired it a washing machine in the
same house they understand that you're
qualified and trained to do it the
actual drum with movement for not moving
around the drive belt that came off the
drum they also became damaged so fit of
a new one the clunkers covitz
are covered fridge freeze that thank you
very much i rlly in slammer